modifier ticketsAvailable(uint16 _eventID){
    _;
    if (events[_eventID].ticketsRemaining <= 0) throw;
}

should be :
    modifier ticketsAvailable(uint16 _eventID){
        if (events[_eventID].ticketsRemaining <= 0) throw;
        _;
    }
Underscore is a special character only used inside a function modifier and it tells Solidity to execute the rest of the code. We first need to execute the if-statement and then the rest of the code.
---------------------------------------------------------------------

function `offerTicket()` should be `payable`
---------------------------------------------------------------------

`function createEvent() returns (uint16 eventID)`
When the ID of an event is 216-1, the next eventId will overflow and will begin counting from 0,1... overriding the existing events.
We could use a uint256 for storing the ID, which is a much bigger number, and we could also add a creationFee to prevent spamming.
---------------------------------------------------------------------

uint16 ticketsRemaining;

The maximum number of tickets, that can be sold, is 65535, which can be restrictive. We should replace uint16 with uint256.
---------------------------------------------------------------------


    function offerTicket(uint16 _eventID, uint16 _ticketID, uint64 _price, address _buyer, uint16 _offerWindow) {
        if (msg.value < transactionFee) throw;
        bytes32 offerID = sha3(_eventID+_ticketID);
        if (offerings[offerID] != 0) throw;
        offerings[offerID].buyer = _buyer;
        offerings[offerID].price = _price;
        offerings[offerID].deadline = block.number + _offerWindow;
    }

Anyone can call this function and create an offering, without owning the ticket. A malicious user could call this function, set the price to 0, and set himself as the buyer.
----------------------------------------------------------------------


    function createEvent(uint64 _ticketPrice, uint16 _ticketsAvailable) returns (uint16 eventID) {
        numEvents++;
        events[numEvents].owner = tx.origin;
        events[numEvents].ticketPrice = _ticketPrice;
        events[numEvents].ticketsRemaining = _ticketsAvailable;
        return numEvents;
    }

A malicious user could buy a ticket from a contract and call the `offerTicket(eventID, ticketID, price, victim, offerWindow)` function.
The victim would then call `buyOfferedTicket()` function. When  `events[_eventID].attendees[_ticketID].send(offerings[offerID].price)` is executed, TicketDepot sends the funds to the malicious contract, triggering the fallback function and potentially making another call to TicketDepot, creating an event through victims address.
CreateEvent() should instead use msg.sender.